Consider Debian LTS as supported (#386)
voxpupuli/voxpupuli.github.io: _posts/2024-10-01-debian-11.md

---
layout: post
title: Debian LTS support in our modules
date: 2024-10-01
github_username: bastelfreak
category: changelog
---

In the past, Vox Pupuli decided against supporting [Debian LTS timeframes](https://wiki.debian.org/LTS).
This was mostly because our CI resources were quite limited back in the days of Travis CI.

> Over the time we got multiple requests from individuals and companys to also support Debian LTS, some one them even willing to sponsor us.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Over the time we got multiple requests from individuals and companies to also support Debian LTS, some of them even willing to sponsor us.
```

Author: thanks, that happens when I had too much or not enough caffeine :D
